Subtitles by DramaFever
[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
I wonder... when I started
liking this person.
Was it last night?
Was it the day before yesterday?
Was it... that day?
If not, was it the day before?
It's possible that it started
a long time ago.
I wonder when I started...
liking this person.
[The time it takes to love.]
When do the shuttle buses start running?
If we get back now,
we could sleep for a little bit.
- Are you tired?
- Not at all.
Then, we should watch
the sunrise together.
Is this how it feels to hear "we?"
Let's go and watch the sunrise.
Excuse me...
Did you say your name is So Ran?
Yes, good morning.
Did you come to see the sunrise?
I didn't, but I thought
I might as well wait to see it.
I'm sorry, but can you take a picture
of me when the sun rises?
Yes, sure.
- I'll take your picture with your phone.
- Thank you.
You just have to take it
from the waist up.
I don't know if it'll turn out all right.
That's okay. Just make me look pretty.
Don't you like it?
It's not that.
How can the picture look pretty
when the person isn't?
- I'll take another one.
- That's okay.
Try smiling a little more.
A little bit more, and lower your chin.
That's too much. Yes, that's good.
And stand up straight.
Don't stick it out, but stand like this.
And try leaning back, just slightly.
Try to look more sexy.
That's not possible at my age.
You have to take every picture
as if it's your last.
That's the only way
to capture your true face.
Ready?
I'll take it now.
Wow.
You look pretty.
They turned out amazing. Didn't it
turn out great? Aren't they pretty?
Yes, who is this?
You look so pretty. I'll take a few more.
You don't have to.
I'll take it now. Wow.
Wow, you look beautiful.
Gosh, you dated for a long time.
Don't people ask you
when you're getting married?
- They do.
- You must hate it.
It annoys the heck out of me.
"You'll be old when you have children.
Is it because you don't have money?"
"How much does your boyfriend make?
How much have you saved?"
I don't know when they started
worrying about that stuff.
Don't believe them when they say
you have to get married eventually.
That's how I feel at this age.
Was I born to get married?
Was I born to have children?
Just live a beautiful and cool life.
I want to do that...
but I don't know how to live that way.
It's your life whether
you get married or not.
But don't leave it to someone else.
If your own body isn't yours
there's no way someone else
can become yours forever.
Act natural.
Act as naturally as possible.
Hello! Did you come to see the sunrise?
We... I mean, I asked
for a private sunrise tour.
Night tours are 30 euros,
but sunrise tours are 40 euros.
It's a bit expensive...
I forgot to pay you.
I should have paid you
in advance, but I forgot.
10, 20...
30 euros.
That was good. That was very natural.
Stop it. You're being awkward.
Did you see the sunrise?
Wasn't it beautiful?
I'll be your guide too.
This is an arch corridor.
It's surrounded by these pillars
because it was designed
to block out the sunlight.
They say the sunlight
comes through in large increments.
Just like this. Just like this.
A lot of artists gained a lot of
inspiration from this place.
How could anyone be this awkward?
Then, let's move on to the next location.
Yes, let's go.
- Did you see that?
- Yeah, I saw.
Guide Yoon had something on her back too.
Really? I didn't see it.
I saw it. I'm certain.
Would you like to see?
- Right? Right?
- Yeah, you're right.
That means they were lying down together.
- There's something between them.
- Gosh, I'm jealous.
They're at the happiest
times of their lives.
No one will know that
we spent the night together.
- Right?
- Of course. I was perfect.
I said you were being awkward.
What's a sunrise tour?
You were being even more awkward
by being their guide.
Keep a distance.
The way they're walking is awkward too.
Should we tell them?
- Hey, let's mind our own business.
- What if other people see?
You think?
They're lucky we're good at
keeping secrets. Let's go.
Guide Yoon, you have
something on your back.
Mister, you have the same thing
on your back too.
What do we do? I'm going crazy.
- Tell them it's a coincidence.
- Does that make sense?
- What are you doing?
- My bad. My bad.
Turn around.
I could die.
It's okay. Who cares?
We didn't do anything wrong.
There's a rule in this industry.
During a tour, the guide and tourists are
nothing more than a guide and tourists.
You said you become friends
after traveling with the tourists.
Is that what friends do?
I don't think we should be
seen together for the time being.
Don't come near me
from this point forward.
Okay, don't worry.
We have to be as far apart
from each other as possible, okay?
"We" is always nice to hear.
Enjoy your breakfast.
- Enjoy your breakfast.
- Please go.
Pardon?
- I told you to go.
- Where?
Enjoy your breakfast.
Enjoy.
- You could have eaten there.
- May I sit here?
- Excuse me.
- Pardon?
Can we switch from a double
to twin beds at the next hotel?
What does that mean?
I'm asking for two beds instead of one.
- I'd like that too.
- Yes, I'll do that for you.
- And...
- Yes?
When are we going shopping?
We're planning to shop this afternoon
and tomorrow afternoon.
We won't be moving as a group,
so you can shop freely.
I'll get up first so I can
get ready for departure.
You should eat more. You ate too little.
You should take your time and eat more.
Yes... I'll get up first.
Where are you?
Where were you all night?
You ran away, didn't you?
You ran away, right?
I guess you don't think
I'll find you. But just you wait.
I'll take it now! One, two!
- Let's get on the bus!
- So So, let's take one together.
- No, that's okay.
- Let's take one together.
- Yes, we're a team.
- I'm okay, though.
You're stubborn, Big Sis.
Hurry over here!
Mister, where's your selfie stick?
Two, three!
Hey!
Sumimasen! You, Sumimasen son of a bitch!
What are you doing? Let go!
- Don't get in the way!
- Drink this first.
- Move!
- Soo Soo!
I played a lot of sports as a kid too.
But I guess he played a lot more.
Let go of him now.
- You two...
- Soo Soo!
- All night long...
- Yoon Soo Soo!
I'm sorry. Please get on the bus first.
- Are you going to do this every time?
- Ma Ru!
Get on the bus.
You get on the bus too.
- Where are we going?
- Home.
I need to introduce an unwelcome guest.
Get up and say hello.
I saw him at Montmartre.
He's my little brother, Yoon Soo Soo.
He was traveling through France,
and we ran into each other yesterday.
But he can't make his flight, so he'll
accompany us for a little while.
- Is that okay?
- Of course.
Make him sing a song.
- He's tone-deaf.
- I'm not tone-deaf.
Did you have a good time
at Mont Saint-Michel?
Yes!
- Did you make lots of good memories?
- Yes.
We're on our way to Saint-Malo.
After sightseeing, we're going to go
to our next destination in the evening.
But, Guide Yoon,
what's that island over there?
That's Tombelaine Island,
which I told you about yesterday.
During the Hundred Years' War,
they killed English soldiers there.
It's a habitat for migratory birds now,
so it's not a sightseeing destination.
The tides go down
in the morning and evening
but if you go at the wrong time,
you could get stuck there all night long.
As a result, countless
romances were born there.
It's also called "Lovers' Island."
I didn't know it was a lovers' island.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry. This is my fault.
The Celts lived in Saint-Malo
since the 1700s.
They were also known as Gauls.
They were powerful pirates.
If Mont Saint-Michel
is like an elegant goddess
- St. Vincent...
- Was her voice always this nice?
If not, did it grow on me?
I wonder when it started.
André Malraux, a culture minister
who wrote "La Condition Humaine"
saw Saint-Malo and said that
if he had one week left to live
he would spend that time in Saint-Malo.
It's not that special
but the longer you stay,
the more you don't want to leave.
But it used to be a city
of pirates. Isn't it ironic?
Behind me is St. Vincent Cathedral.
After taking the shuttle
around the cathedral
please shop and look around.
Let's meet at the bus at 12 p.m.
- Yes.
- When are we going home?
- After the tour, of course.
Really? You're not lying, right?
Take a ride on the shuttle.
It's really nice here.
- Big Sis.
- I'm the guide.
You're trying to run away, aren't you?
I'd abandon you,
but I wouldn't abandon the tourists.
Fine, then promise me
you won't run away.
- I promise.
- Here.
Gosh, you're so childish.
- Let's go.
Wow, this place is so nice.
This is totally my style.
That looks delicious!
Look at that! Isn't it pretty?
- They have shoe stores too.
- Have you been to Hwasan, Suwon?
- No.
- Go there one day.
They have the same shuttle bus.
I see.
By the way, about yesterday...
I'm really sorry.
Don't worry.
Visit our restaurant.
I'll give you lots of drinks.
- Yes.
- You're all invited.
No matter how long you ride it for,
you return to the same place.
To the same time and place that
you've always wanted to go back to.
Isn't that why you ride it?
I just ride it to pass the time.
Then don't cry.
You can't start over if you keep crying.
Don't they have this in Itaewon?
Why are you back already?
Because I missed you!
Don't exaggerate.
I'd like a night tour tonight.
I'm not holding night tours tonight.
Then go on a date with me.
I wonder when I started waiting...
to hear her voice.
I don't want to.
Let's go on a date.
I'll just give you a night tour.
- 30 euros?
- I knew it.
I'll just give you a night tour.
- 30 euros?
- I knew it.
Did you sleep with him? Did you?
- No.
- If we did, it's not your business.
Is that why you don't want to go home?
- It's not that...
- Shut your mouth.
We need to talk.
- I'll talk to you later.
- Let me explain...
Fine, I can't really defend
what happened last night.
Wait.
Do you have... a condom?
- Pardon?
- Do you?
I don't.
Why don't you carry any?
Why would I?
Okay.
- What are you looking for?
- A condom.
Do you carry one around?
Isn't it a given?
Why is it a given?
You don't have a reason
to carry one around.
You never know what will happen.
- Why do those things happen?
- It's happening right now.
Right, I'm just saying...
Are you calling me easy?
- I'm not...
- Do you think
I'm always ready to sleep with a man?
In France, kids learn how to
use condoms in middle school.
Thinking it's weird for
women to carry condoms
is an old-fashioned mindset,
don't you think?
Did I adapt a way of thinking
that I hate without realizing it?
We should stop now.
I didn't know the word "we"
could feel so cold.
- I'm sorry.
- About what?
For not carrying condoms around.
That's okay. Have a good night.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry. That was my fault.
I try my best not to get brainwashed
but they always tell us men should
do this and woman should do that.
That's the world I live in.
It's okay.
This isn't worth fighting about.
But... what will we do?
It seems to be too late
to get back in the mood.
I think... we'll have plenty of time.
I didn't make a mistake
kissing you today.
It's possible... that yesterday
wasn't a mistake either.
But...
I feel like I'll think of
anything else we do as a mistake.
It's cold.
Come here.
Who's that punk?
What's your relationship?
I told you he's a customer.
Why would a customer jump off
a moving shuttle bus and run to you?
Did he run off a bus?
He was practically flying.
Is he hurt?
Look at you.
Don't develop feelings for just anyone.
He's just here for casual fun.
- That's enough!
- Do you know what makes me mad?
It's not that you
followed that bastard here
or that you're not going back home
and it's not because of that punk,
but because of me!
Why did I join the military at that time,
and end up in jail...
Jail? What are you talking about?
Why did you go to jail?
Did you get into trouble again?
- Why aren't you talking?
- You told me not to!
Tell me! What happened?
I was engaged to get married.
What's all this talk
about jail and marriage?
I'm getting married to Doo Ri.
- Doo Ri? Han Doo Ri?
- Yeah.
- Really?
- Her parents were shocked too.
- You're...
- getting married?
- Yeah.
- Yes.
You were attached
at the hip since high school.
Don't commit to one woman for
so long. It'll get really boring.
You said you two were each other's
first loves when you got married.
- That's why I'm telling you this.
- Are you pregnant?
- Not yet.
- Then date someone else.
I only had your father
as my man my entire life.
But I feel so wronged because of it.
You should date around
before you get married.
- I'll be her only love anyway.
- You're a gym teacher, right?
- Yes.
- And you're a music teacher.
What will you do during your vacations?
Couples shouldn't spend
so much time together.
- Yes, I'll take that as a yes...
- You punk!
You shouldn't call
your son-in-law a punk.
This is why you don't have friends.
- Yeah, you're right.
- And, Mother...
you shouldn't go hiking
with your former colleagues so often.
You could end up cheating.
That punk knows too many
of our weaknesses.
A son-in-law should be
easier to deal with.
We booked the wedding hall
and went to a musical concert
with both of our parents.
You son of a bitch!
- Hey, what are you doing?
- Where's my big sister?
Where did you abandon her?
Hey! Hey!
I was arrested.
- Did you reflect on your actions?
- Did you?
I guess you think
I abandoned your sister.
But it was just an attribute
of our relationship.
Let's say a puppy likes this basket.
You can put the puppy
in the basket, but you can't...
put the basket in the puppy.
The essence of a person
in a relationship doesn't change.
What the heck was that punk saying?
You don't understand me.
I'll make it easier to understand.
Marriage is a rice soup, whether you put
rice in the soup or the other way around.
But the fact that one was rice
and the other was soup doesn't change.
Geez, you rice soup son of a bitch.
Come here. Come here right now. Damn it...
Don't you want to find
your big sister, Yoon So So?
He told me to stay quiet.
He told me not to spread
any rumors about him.
Then he'd give me your address
and reach an agreement.
I became an ex-convict
before my marriage.
And I got fired, so I'm unemployed now.
I'm sorry. All because of me...
What about your marriage?
Doo Ri's parents came
on the day of my release.
Hey!
Soo Soo!
You lost so much weight.
Goodness. Goodness.
Hey, Son-in-law, it's okay.
At least you're not a drug addict.
It's okay. Give it to him.
Son-in-law, I didn't have tofu,
so have some soy milk.
They told me to bring you back
for our wedding next spring.
Mother-in-law paid for my trip here.
But did you know?
No one hates you.
Except one person.
You.
[DF Ver] E07 The Package
-= Ruo Xi =-
You can't dress like that
for your wedding.
Follow me.
Excuse me. You think...
This... or... this?
What?
You think this or this?
- This.
- Okay, this one.
Let's get some coffee.
I'm craving caffeine.
Let's make up already.
It's not something we can resolve.
I was wrong. I won't do it again.
You won't do what again?
Everything you hate.
- What do I hate?
- Well...
talking about work, using work
as an excuse, and only working.
- Forget it.
- And...
Let's stop. My head hurts.
And I won't always talk about "later."
I won't put everything off
until later anymore.
I'm really incapable right now
so there's not much I can do.
I talked like that because I felt like
I could do them in the future.
There will be many things
we can't do in the future.
Then you'll put those off until later.
Love should happen in the present.
Don't call yourself incapable.
And why did you buy so much?
You don't have money.
These? It's not much.
These are the sugar cookies
you like so much.
This is the sweater you like
this is the scarf you like,
these are the loafers you like
and this is me, whom you like.
Are you out of your mind? You said work
is hard and you don't have investments.
- Should I return them?
- Don't bother. Thanks.
- When are you going to take this?
- Later.
- Later when?
- I don't know.
It's time to go back. Let's go.
Get up already.
Hey, Little Brother. You look good.
- Suits are uncomfortable.
- You'd better listen to me.
- Which one will look better?
- Ties make me feel constricted.
Stay still!
Let's go with this one.
I hate tying up my neck.
Head down.
Wow, my little brother is all grown up.
I wanted to buy you a suit
when you graduated from college.
I wanted to buy one for you
when you got out of the military
and I wanted to buy one for you
for your first day of work.
I'm late, aren't I?
What do you think?
Isn't it perfect for your wedding?
Did she always smile so beautifully?
It suits you well.
Goodness. Goodness.
We spent the last two days at a castle.
Why are we at another one?
That wasn't a castle, but a monastery.
They're all castles to me.
I need to speak with her boss.
Did you call the kids?
Why would I?
International calling is expensive.
Gosh... I wonder if
they're eating properly.
I didn't even teach my only
daughter how to make kimchi.
The restaurant is overflowing
with kimchi. She can eat that.
Until when? I can't make
kimchi for her forever.
I'm sure they'll do it themselves
when you're an old granny.
Who says I'll live
until I'm an old granny?
You shouldn't say that.
Get up so we can get some food.
Honey, I have a favor to ask you.
Will it cost me money?
Can't you think about
what other people will think?
Mind your own business
stop being so stubborn,
and try to yell a little less.
When did I yell?
Fine, let's stop.
I mean, if they did a good job,
I'd mind my business.
If they did a good job, I wouldn't be
so stubborn. It's all their fault!
I got it. I was wrong to ask.
- Let's go. Let's go.
- I'm not going.
- Let's go.
- Let go.
Of course, I miss you.
It's been five days but
it feels like it's been five years.
Five years? Not 50 years?
It feels like it's been 500 years.
I miss you so much.
Should we video chat?
I can't right now. I'm in a meeting.
Aren't you home yet?
I'm working late these days.
I want to go home and shower and rest.
Okay, what should I buy you?
Tell me everything you want.
- I'm in a meeting.
- Yeah, okay. I got it.
I miss you. I love you.
I love you too.
- You haven't changed.
- Shall we begin?
I'm ready.
- Is it good?
- You know how it is.
He's full of spirit.
- Put on your sunglasses.
- Why?
- I don't like the hearts in your eyes.
- But these hearts are for you.
I already know talked
on the phone with that woman.
Eat.
But, how did you know I talked to her?
Because you never look at me that way.
I told you Saint-Malo
is the city of pirates, right?
St. Vincent Cathedral was built
as a volunteer facility in the 1200s.
It looks like Namhansanseong Fortress.
- That's enough.
- You never let me say anything.
You're too much, Mister.
Namhansanseong Fortress
was our country's best fortress.
This fortress was the same.
During the war in the 1200s,
it blocked out the Germans' attacks
so 70 to 80 percent of it was destroyed.
But through restoration
efforts after the war
they recreated the designs of the 1700s.
Do you know "The Last Concert"?
- Lee Sung Chul.
- Not the song, but the movie.
You've heard of Stella, right?
- Isn't that a car?
- It's a movie.
In the French movie, "The Last Concert,"
Stella was the female lead.
The love of her life succeeded
as a pianist and had a concert.
Stella died in the audience.
You probably heard about it before.
The last scene of that film took place
at the Saint-Malo beach.
Today, we have an even number.
Please hold hands
with the person beside you.
I always talk about
"The Last Concert" when I come here.
"Love passionately,
to the point of fearing your parting."
I think that's the message
Saint-Malo gives us.
Don't let go of each other's hands
until we meet at the entrance at 6 p.m.
Today is hand-holding day.
These are Saint-Malo postcards.
If you write to your loved one,
we'll send it for you today.
It'll take around three
to four weeks to get to Korea
so you'll get it once
you've forgotten about today.
- Should we write it now?
- Yes, go ahead.
Who are you going to write?
That woman.
[Misdeed Confirmation]
You told me Ma Ru used his superior's ID
to obtain secret information
from the company.
Sign it.
Ma Ru only got it
because the section chief
asked you to do something,
which you passed on to Ma Ru.
That part is left out.
Play the game properly.
The company is going to file
a 1.4 billion won lawsuit.
1.4 billion won?
These are the additional
documents for the lawsuit.
If we get hurt by this,
do you think you'll be okay?
Should we join in
on the 1.4 billion won party?
- Ma Ru doesn't have 1.4 billion won.
- Do you?
I don't either.
People who don't have any money
need to keep quiet.
Sign it.
I collected them.
I want to bring you
around as my assistant.
- Do you see that gate?
- Yeah.
If you turn right and walk 60 meters,
there's a restaurant.
There's a park across the street.
There's a mailbox
on the left side at the end.
- Put them in there.
- Me?
Never mind, I'll do it.
You must be tired. Get some rest.
That's okay. I'll go. Get some rest.
- Hurry.
- Okay.
- It's your first right.
- I know!
Do you have your wallets,
passports, and cell phones?
We'll head over to Honfleur now.
You'll have dinner and
unpack as soon as we arrive.
We'll meet at 8 a.m. tomorrow morning.
Didn't we forget someone?
My brother. He's going straight
to the airport from here.
Rest on our way there.
I'll guide you when we arrive.
Damn it.
I left your luggage
at the information desk.
Thank you.
(In French)
Soo Soo, I'm going to Honfleur now.
It's a small and beautiful port city.
After a night there, I'm going to
stop in Germany and go back to France.
If you want to drag me back home,
meet me there.
But if you miss me, can you go
home and wait for me there?
Even if no one hates me...
I hate myself too much.
After I become more tolerant
of myself, I'll go back myself.
Tell Mom, Dad, and Doo Ri
that I love them.
And don't sit anywhere in your suit.
It's a long ride to the airport.
Remember to eat.
You lost too much weight.
I put some spending money in your bag.
You don't have any money either.
- Big Sis Guide.
- Yes?
How long will it take
to that Honfleur place?
It'll take between two
and a half to three hours.
- Why does it take so long?
- Because it's far.
Why are we going so far
and tiring ourselves out?
Stop it already!
You always tell me to stop it! Sleep!
That's not a smile.
I can detect fake smile
after seeing a genuine one.
They say real love begins
as soon as you find their real face.
[Regarding San Ma Ru's misconduct...]
[Name]
Can you stay by my side until the end?
I'll always be on your side,
until the end.
[Oh Ye Bi]
[If you don't want to do it, quit.]
Gosh, it's so pretty.
Pretty things won't feed you.
Why haven't you been eating?
- I'm fine.
- Geez, seriously.
You need to eat well.
Will medicine help you
if your stomach is empty?
Wait.
- What are you doing?
- You'll only eat if we have a stew.
How will you make it without a pot?
Just wait. I'll do everything.
This is my favorite place
in the whole world.
Painters escaped their studios
and came out into the sunlight here.
Monet did that, as well as
Turner, Corot, and Dufy.
I feel like I can paint something
new whenever I come here.
That's why this is my favorite place.
Didn't you say Auvers-Sur-Oise
was your favorite?
I like that place because
I can collect my thoughts.
And I like this place
because my thoughts unfold.
This is where impressionist painters
came from, but Monet's early paintings
exhibit very rugged strokes...
Did you brother leave safely?
Don't worry. I'm sure he did.
I'm sure he left safely.
Yes.
Even though you didn't
send him off nicely.
My brother is getting
married next spring.
Really? You'd better go.
People will talk about me.
And my parents will be embarrassed
to have a daughter like me.
Don't listen to people
who have no rights to your life.
People who have rights to my life?
There are no flights today. I hope
he's not harassing my boss at the office.
I'm sure he's not that shameless.
I need to go home. Aren't you leaving?
You can go first. I'll eat
and sleep here on my own.
Hey, as a fellow Korean, how could I
go home and leave you here?
- You're a humanitarian.
- Yeah, that's right.
I was a humanitarian throughout
all of my school life.
I'm the top humanitarian.
Then should we cheers to that with soju?
Try to cook up some
snacks to eat with it.
You're a senseless little punk,
but you're shameless too.
You have tuna though, right?
During the Hundred Years' War,
Honfleur was a combat base.
It was a huge fortress.
After that, it became a departure
location for explorers.
- Don't be my guide.
- Pardon?
- We're on a date.
- No, we're not.
This is a night tour.
- Would you like 30 euros?
- No.
Then it's a date, right?
I'm doing this because you paid me
30 euros for a nonexistent sunrise tour.
- Sit here for a second.
- Why?
Sit down.
It's a gift.
- Is this...
- Try it on.
Why are you giving me shoes
all of a sudden?
Should I put them on for you?
No, I'll put them on.
Wait...
Does it fit?
How did you know my size?
I just estimated with my eyes.
Everyone, this is where God's
revelation and human belief...
I thought these would fit you.
They say women will run away
if you buy them shoes.
They also say good shoes
take women to good places.
You said today is hand-holding day.
At a time like this, I wish I were a god.
I want to use the most beautiful words
to ask her to spend the night together.
Sleep with me tonight.
Don't go overboard.
I wonder what words I can use
that are more beautiful.
I can always trust my own taste.
Isn't the sweater pretty?
Yeah.
But don't you have the same hat at home?
It's similar, but it's very different.
How can things be similar
but very different?
- It has a different vibe.
- Geez.
You sure buy a lot of things for
someone who doesn't speak French.
I told you, I can speak everyday English.
I was always curious about this
when I watched movies and dramas.
About what?
You know how a couple
usually kisses during a date?
And then it immediately
switches to a bed scene.
What do you think happened
on their way there?
I'm not sure.
Let's go.
I wonder when this love began.
I wonder how long this love
will go on for.
Subtitles by DramaFever
Who's the man you came with?
Someone who gives me money.
This one! This one! This one!
Haven't you heard that
there's no end to shopping?
Don't stick with me all the time,
and stop staring at me.
You're really here. Say hello.
This is my friend, Didier.
Say hello. This is my friend, Allan.
What are they doing?